Tasks defined as user stories
As a geography teacher, I should be able to edit the documents or lectures to add/ modify/delete any content when needed so that I can prepare my lectures completely for my students. I want to teach pupils basic knowledge of the world so I am looking for a website that allows students to enjoy scrolling through the website without being bored and so that they could use the website as its substitute for books which can result in wasting time.
As a geography teacher, I would like my students to be able to search for information about the world and quickly find rankings in various categories so that they can easily see which countries and cities have the largest population and which languages are most spoken in the world.
[User Story for Caroline Clark]
As a market researcher, I want to research into markets for different items in various countries making conclusions which highly depend on statistics and databases so that I can find reliable data because miscalculated or inaccurate data can result in major repercussions with my research which could have a chain of effects with people I work with. Marketing research works with the objective of understanding what people want. The result of this research study is focused on providing what the consumers want and desire. The user research focuses on finding what is useful and value adding to people. The result of this study is to come up with features which can be value adding for the customers
[User Story For John Smith]
As a student, I want to pass geography with good marks in my A-level exams and to do that I use a website for my geography coursework which is based on capital cities and populations around the world so the more accurate and precise data I have, the easier the calculations will be later to conclude.
[User Story for Mary Moore]
As a professional tour guide, I want to inform customers about information about the names of the capital in the ancient world, what is the difference between the countries in terms of the populations and civilizations so that my customers would feel like they have left with knowledge about the sites.
As a tour guide, I want to be able to check information’s about specific districts and regions so that I can more accurately recommend less crowded places to my customers who want to visit such places.
[User Story for Andrew Smith]
